a moment of Peace as outside War rages
Palestinian Christians gathered at the
Latin church of Gaza for
Mass a far cry from last year's
celebrations before the bombs and the
mass
displacement this family was forced to
flee South and were taken in by a Muslim
family in
Rafa uh
today we don't even have a tree we've
got nothing to light up no electricity
sometimes I wonder if last year was the
last Christmas we'll ever have are we
going to ever be joyful and happy again
will I go home and have a Christmas tree
I have no
idea thought to be one of the oldest
Christian communities in the world the
Palestinian faithful are also one of the
most at risk there's been a mass Exodus
of young people from Gaza in recent
years as they search for a better life
elsewhere fewer than a thousand
Christian Palestinians are believed to
live in the strip down from the 3,000
registered 16 years ago but many others
may now follow
suit I want to leave my house and what's
left of my country and go somewhere else
outside of Gaza for Safety and Security
of my family this hasn't crossed my mind
before now I want to leave with my
family and after the war I'll think
about my options and whether I'll ever
come back again some Christian
Palestinians fear Israel's war could be
the final blow to what was already a
rapidly shrinking
community camil nelc Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer